[Snackbar] Explain how to place the snackbar (#21052)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

## Positioned snackbars

> There may be circumstances when the placement of the snackbar needs to be more flexible.

Reviewer: It might be worth reiterating the Material guidelines before suggesting an alternative"
```suggestion
In wide layouts, snackbars can be left-aligned or center-aligned if they are consistently placed on the same spot at the bottom of the screen, however there may be circumstances where the placement of the snackbar needs to be more flexible.
```

> You can control the origin of the anchor by specifying the `anchorOrigin` prop, with the following interface:

Reviewer 2: I never liked the term anchorOrigin for `Snackbar`. Much prefer the 'placement' terminology from the Popper, `anchorOrigin` makes much more sense with a component like Popover where you specify an anchor.

```suggestion
You can control the position of the snackbar by specifying the `anchorOrigin` prop, with the following interface:
```

> You can control the position of the snackbar by specifying the `anchorOrigin` prop, with the following interface:

Reviewer: Are we in danger of reproducing the API docs in the demo pages? It would get a bit unweildy if we did that for every prop...

I'd suggest just: 
```suggestion
You can control the position of the snackbar by specifying the `anchorOrigin` prop.
```

Reviewer 3: Fair enough
